README.md, before:

# Just Yap!

## About
Singaporeans frequently voice complaints on social media, but these platforms are cluttered with irrelevant content, making it hard to distill actionable insights. 

Just Yap! addresses this gap by collecting real-time complaints from social media, then using AI and machine learning to filter, categorise and analyse them. It visualises key insights to help authorities better understand public concerns. Additionally, Just Yap! generates AI-suggested polls, enabling government agencies to engage citizens on trending issues, fostering responsive and data-driven policymaking.

Currently, our real-time data collection pipeline collects complaints from the r/Singapore subreddit. In the future, we look forward to extending it to other sources like Facebook.

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/github/just-yap.gif" width="full" />
</div>


## Core Features
### View All Complaints
As an admin, view the list of social media complaints collected from our real-time data collection pipeline. 

Operations supported:
- Search by keyword in title and description
- Filter by category
- Sort by date posted and sentiment (ascending, descending or none)
- Browse up to 100 complaints per page


## Tech Stack
Explain

## Development Setup
Explain

## Testing
Explain

Commit message:

Add update poll UI test

README.md, after:

# Just Yap!

## About
Singaporeans frequently voice complaints on social media, but these platforms are cluttered with irrelevant content, making it hard to distill actionable insights. 

Just Yap! addresses this gap by collecting real-time complaints from social media, then using AI and machine learning to filter, categorise and analyse them. It visualises key insights to help authorities better understand public concerns. Additionally, Just Yap! generates AI-suggested polls, enabling government agencies to engage citizens on trending issues, fostering responsive and data-driven policymaking.

Currently, our real-time data collection pipeline collects complaints from the r/Singapore subreddit. In the future, we look forward to extending it to other sources like Facebook.

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/github/just-yap.gif" width="full" />
</div>


## Core Features
### View All Complaints
View the full list of social media complaints collected from our real-time data collection pipeline. 

**Operations supported (Admin):**
1. Search by keyword in title and description
2. Filter by category
3. Sort by date posted and sentiment (ascending, descending or none)
4. Browse up to 100 complaints per page


### Polls
As an admin, engage the citizens with polls. Just Yap! offers AI-recommended poll templates based on complaints from the past 6 months, allowing you to engage citizens on trending issues.

As a citizen, have you voice heard by participating in polls and earn fun digital collectibles along the way.


**Operations supported (Admin):**
1. Browse poll templates
2. Create new MCQ or open-ended polls from scratch or based on existing poll templates
3. Edit or delete a poll
4. Publish a poll (Make polls live so citizens can participate)
5. Close a poll (Prevent further responses from citizens)
6. Republish a poll (Reopen closed polls to get more responses from citizens)
7. View poll responses + Export poll responses as CSV (Note: CSV export is supported for open-ended polls only)


**Operations supported (Citizen):**
1. Participate in polls.
2. Earn unique digital collectibles (Ps... There are 6 different ones to collect! 😉)




## Tech Stack
Explain

## Development Setup
Explain

## Testing
Explain
